add: instruction for different binaries (#244)
availproject/op-evm: README.md

To deploy a devnet or a testnet in AWS using terraform follow the instructions [here](/deployment/readme.md).

> **NOTE:** The current `OpEVM` binaries are compiled in `arm64` architecture. If you'd like to run `OpEVM` on a different build please check the instructions [here](https://github.com/availproject/op-evm/blob/%40feature/different-binary-setup/docs/demo.md#setting-up-devnet-on-amd64-machine).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** The pre-compiled `OpEVM` binaries are designed for the `arm64` architecture. If you wish to run `OpEVM` on a different architecture, such as `amd64`, please refer to the [specific setup instructions](https://github.com/availproject/op-evm/blob/%40feature/different-binary-setup/docs/demo.md#setting-up-devnet-on-amd64-machine).
```

> **NOTE:** The pre-compiled `OpEVM` binaries are designed for the `arm64` architecture. If you wish to run `OpEVM` on a different architecture, such as `amd64`, please refer to the [specific setup instructions](https://github.com/availproject/op-evm/blob/%40feature/different-binary-setup/docs/demo.md#setting-up-devnet-on-amd64-machine).

Reviewer: Can also change markdown link to use relative linking
